Add documentation_starter to `cookieplone-templates/templates` (#174)
plone/cookieplone-templates: templates/add-ons/documentation_starter/{{cookiecutter.__folder_name}}/README.md

# {{ cookiecutter.title }}

Documentation for **{{ cookiecutter.__folder_name }}**. {{ cookiecutter.description }}

> 
> This project provides a Sphinx-based documentation environment for your Plone project, powered by the [Plone Sphinx Theme](https://github.com/plone/plone-sphinx-theme). It’s generated using the `documentation_starter` template from [Cookieplone](https://github.com/plone/cookieplone).
> 
> ## Prerequisites
> 
> - **Python 3.7+**: Ensure you have a compatible Python version installed.
> - **pip**: For installing dependencies.
> 
> ## Setup
> 
> 1. **Install Dependencies**:
>    Install the required Python packages, including the latest `plone-sphinx-theme`, using `pip`:
>    ```bash
>    pip install -e ".[dev]"
>    ```
> 
> ## Building the Documentation
> - Build HTML:
> Generate the HTML documentation.
>     ```bash
>     make html
>     ```
>     or
>     ```bash
>     make live html
>     ```
> ## Customizing the {{ cookiecutter.title }} Documentation
> - Edit Content: Modify files in ``docs/``
> - ``index.md``: Main entry point.
> - ``guides``: Add how-to guides(e.g., ``guides/getting-started.md``).
> - ``reference``: Add reference material(e.g., ``reference/file-system-structure.md``).
> - ``appendices``: Add appendices(e.g., ``glossary.md``).
> These can be customized as per your need. As the whole docs is traversed, new directory and MyST markdown files are supported.
> 
> - Add Styles: For custom CSS, add to ``docs/_static/css/custom.css`` and update ``conf.py``.
> ```python
> html_static_path = ['_static']
> html_css_files = ['custom.css']
> ```
> 
> ## Checking Links
> - To verify links in the documentation, run:
> ```bash
> make linkcheck
> ```
> 
> ## Updating Dependencies
> - To update dependencies, run:
> ```bash
> make update-deps
> ```
> ## License
> 
> The project is licensed under GPLv2.
> 
> ## Project Details
> - Author: {{ cookiecutter.author }}
> - Version: v1.0
> 
> Generated by Cookieplone using the ``documentation_starter`` template.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Documentation for {{ cookiecutter.__folder_name }}.
{{ cookiecutter.description }}

This project provides a Sphinx-based documentation environment for your Plone project, powered by the [Plone Sphinx Theme](https://github.com/plone/plone-sphinx-theme).
It's generated using the `documentation_starter` template from [Cookieplone](https://github.com/plone/cookieplone).

## Prerequisites

-   [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) is the recommended tool for managing Python versions and project dependencies.

To install uv, use the following command, or visit the [uv installation page](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/) for alternative methods.

```shell
curl -LsSf https://astral.sh/uv/install.sh | sh
```

## Build documentation

To build the HTML documentation, issue the following command.

```shell
make html
```

To build the HTML documentation and view a live preview while editing your documentation, issue the following command.

```shell
make livehtml
```

To check for broken links in your documentation, issue the following command.

```shell
make linkcheckbroken
```

For more `make` commands, issue the following command.

```shell
make help
```

## Customize the {{ cookiecutter.title }} documentation

% TODO

````
